---
title: Introduction
description: 'Pergel is a full stack Nuxt application. GraphQL, BullMQ, NodeCron, Redis, SES, S3, and more smart and speed used.'
navigation.icon: i-ph-info-duotone
---

Nuxt is a framework for creating Vue applications. Pergel is a full stack Nuxt application. GraphQL, BullMQ, NodeCron, Redis, SES, S3, and more smart and speed used.

::card{icon="i-ph-play-duotone" title="Install Module" to="/pergel/nuxt/installation"}
  Nuxt Module installation.
::

## Modules

::card-group
  ::card{icon="i-ph-cube-duotone" title="S3" to="/pergel/nuxt/s3/installation"}
    S3 is a simple storage service that offers an extremely durable, highly available, and ...
  ::

  ::card{icon="i-ph-cube-duotone" title="NodeCron" to="/pergel/nuxt/nodecron/installation"}
    NodeCron is a simple cron-like job scheduler for Node.js.
  ::

  ::card{icon="i-ph-cube-duotone" title="SES" to="/pergel/nuxt/ses/installation"}
    SES is a highly scalable and cost-effective email sending service for businesses and developers.
  ::

  ::card{icon="i-ph-cube-duotone" title="Json2Csv" to="/pergel/nuxt/json2csv/installation"}
    Json2Csv is a Node.js module, which converts JSON to CSV.
  ::

  ::card{icon="i-ph-cube-duotone" title="BullMQ" to="/pergel/nuxt/bullmq/installation"}
    BullMQ is a NodeJS library that implements.
  ::

  ::card{icon="i-ph-cube-duotone" title="GraphQL Yoga" to="/pergel/nuxt/graphqlyoga/installation"}
    Yoga is a fully-featured GraphQL server with focus on easy se...
  ::

  ::card{icon="i-ph-cube-duotone" title="Drizzle" to="/pergel/nuxt/drizzle/installation"}
    It's awful Typescript ORM.
  ::

  ::card{icon="i-ph-cube-duotone" title="RabitMQ - Soon" to="#"}
    RabbitMQ is the most widely deployed open source message broker.
  ::

  ::card{icon="i-ph-cube-duotone" title="... more modules" to="#"}
    You can write any module and send it. Thank you very much for the pr in advance.
  ::

::